good today is I have here to teach you
to do some easy missions this
video is a little different from the one I've
recorded earlier so more tutorials
play a little bit like the one that says that
if at the request of a user of a
subscriber of my channel and asked me to
will record the missions of the cold moon
black how they are made so that all
world could see the truth that they are
pretty funny entertaining and nothing
before I start I will always put in
the description all the links and
coordinates that are needed for
to do what I'm going to do in the
video the first thing is not going to be necessary
game tokens would be the black moon it
they buy we say 520 mind
the first game from the mass we take the
mission that the brightness of your eyes never
is going
ready for the honor
and here the health cubes and you have to
give to children
the doll is not worth it because you're a student
nothing
they do not come out big they stay a lot of
points and so you click
if I have to play twice this is a
fraud
and very different acoustic
and then touch the canyon
this failure more than a fair shotgun
you always have to put the camera looking
from above
and you hear me press a lot of keys
but it's a reflex act
Y
correct
and antón centro that's the achievement that
Italy
note that I have done half of the s
spend more than I earn from the mission
It's a new character, no achievement account
in a habit nobody
the next the shooting gallery
here
Do not mark
how
team
so that it is marked and gives time if
you do well to shoot double
but not
even for less
ah
how was this removed
in the next game
x
for
together
in fact only 10
he is my friend
at the same time
that is all
and now now
this would be the transmission that I'm not going to
do it because it's weight fight already 30 25
are to be here
Y
all these other art missions
it becomes more needs to be the guide of the
adventure of the black moon and what you
asks is that you kill you kill bugs that you
give experience
and you have the possibility of releasing the
crossing suddenly you fall apart during
the whole fair we
but it's going to be done every time it comes out
Sir
have a nice day
you need something see you and this is easy
be with all the dolls
actually
we must anticipate the movement a little
has not destined a
what with what there is
well I had not planned
they were touching
this is an event to pass
three hours or four times I do not remember
of all that you put anything
here a concert of a little wine
to the gorillas
they tell me it 's green
Well with this achievement today but
the video you like us serve is many
thank you for having seen it